<h1>Stellar - <span><h4>Workflow is Orchestrated</h4></span></h1>

<h2>Case Study</h2>
<p>
    A user interface to manage relationships between Tasks and Users. 
    Some tasks have users assigned to them, so the relationship is one task to many users. 
</p>
    
<p>
    A user interface to update, create and delete these relationships from both the user perspective and task perspective. 
    Which users and tasks are editable are based on the ROLE of the user doing the updating. 
</p>
<p>
    This UI would allow the managers in respective departments to manage their task to user relationships.
</p>    
<br>
<h2>Main Task</h2>
    <p> 
        <ul>
            <li>Create User and Task</li>
            <li>Create, Read, Update, Delete Task from Users</li>
            <li>One Task for Many Users</li>
            <li>Authentication (Only the manager can read and update task)</li>
            <li>Sign Up Form for Authentication</li>
            <li>Security on forms</li>
            <li>Form Validation (Using BackboneJS Model Validation and also Spring form Validation)</li>
        </ul>
    </p>

<br>

<h2>Documentation for User Model</h2>
<p>
    For the User Model, it will include the user id, full name, role in the team, authenticate to edit, task number, task title
    task description, task assigned date and due date. 
    The full name will be required to be validated, which will be required in order to be stored inside the MySql Database. 
    The authentication (true means the user is allowed to edit, false means the user is not allowed to edit). 
    If the user is allowed to edit, there will be update, delete, and create button showing on the page. Since, 
    the requirement said one to many relationship, each of the user only has one task at a time.
</p>

<h3>Model for User</h3>
<p> 
    <ul>
        <li>id</li>
        <li>Full Name</li>
        <li>Role in the Team</li>
        <li>Authenticate to edit</li>
        <li>Task Number (Foreign key that will link to a specfic ID of the task)</li>
        <li>Task Title</li>
        <li>Task Description</li>
        <li>Task Assigned Date</li>
        <li>Task Due Date</li>
    </ul>
</p>

<h3>Default Model for User</h3>
<p> 
    <ul>
        <li>ID (Automatically generated by backbonejs)</li>
        <li>Full Name: ""</li>
        <li>Role in the Team: "Member"</li>
        <li>Authenticate: false</li>
        <li>Task Number: -1</li>
        <li>Task Title: ""</li>
        <li>Task Description: ""</li>
        <li>Task Assigned Date: new Date()</li>
        <li>Task Due Date: ""</li>
    </ul>
</p>

<h3>View Idea for User Model</h3>
<p> 
    <ul>
        <li>User Image (Substitute image from Linea)</li>
        <li>Full Name on the right of the image</li>
        <li>User ID and the role of the user</li>
        <li>Task Assigned Icon (A Icon to keep track if a user received a task)</li>
        <li>Task #: Task Title (will be inserted only if user has a task)</li>
        <li>Task Assigned Date</li>
        <li>Task Due Date</li>
        <li>Task Description</li>
        <li>Edit and Delete Button on the Top right</li>
        <li>When the Edit button is clicked. The form will come into view</li>
        <li>Create User Button Below the list</li>
    </ul>
</p>


<br>
<h2>Documentation for Task Model</h2>
<p>
    The model of the task will include its id, task name, task detail and task due date.
    The task due date is not required, but the task name and task detail is required. Use the validate method in Backbone, 
    so the model can be saved into the MySql database only if it is valid.
</p>

<h3>Model for Task</h3>
<p> 
    <ul>
        <li>ID (can be used for Task Number as well)</li>
        <li>Task Name</li>
        <li>Task Detail</li>
        <li>Task Created Date</li>
        <li>Task Due Date</li>
        <li>Random Image</li>
    </ul>
</p>

<h3>Default Model for Task</h3>
<p> 
    <ul>
        <li>ID (Automatically generated by backbonejs)</li>
        <li>Task Name: ""</li>
        <li>Task Detail: ""</li>
        <li>Task Created Date: new Date()</li>
        <li>Task Due Date: ""</li>
        <li>Random Image: ""</li>
    </ul>
</p>

<h3>View Idea for Task Model</h3>
<p> 
    <ul>
        <li>ID of the task on the top left corner</li>
        <li>Random Image By Linea in the middle</li>
        <li>Task title in bold</li>
        <li>Task Description</li>
        <li>Task Created Date</li>
        <li>Task Due Date</li>
        <li>Edit and Delete Button on the top right</li>
        <li>Create More Task Button on the Bottom</li>
    </ul>
</p>

<br>

<h2>UI/UX</h2>
<p> 
    <ul>
        <li>Title will be Stellar for now</li>
        <li>Color theme will be light blue to pinkish purple</li>
        <li>Software Icons from Linea</li>
        <li>Not Copyrighted Images from Unsplash</li>
        <li>Selection will be the color light blue (when the user highlights text)</li>
        <li>Forms will not be visible until buttons are pressed</li>
        <li>Scale Up effect when hovered on buttons, Scale down effect when click on buttons </li>
        <li>Translate upward when user/task are hovered</li>
        <li>Clip Path or Crop on the Header Section</li>
        <li>Currently still working on the footer</li>
    </ul>
</p>